[api-typescript-generator](../../README.md) / [Modules](../modules.md) / [openapi](../modules/openapi.md) / OpenApiSecurityScheme

# Interface: OpenApiSecurityScheme

[openapi](../modules/openapi.md).OpenApiSecurityScheme

OpenAPI Security Scheme Object.

**`See`**

https://swagger.io/specification/#security-scheme-object

## Table of contents

### Properties

- [bearerFormat](openapi.OpenApiSecurityScheme.md#bearerformat)
- [description](openapi.OpenApiSecurityScheme.md#description)
- [flows](openapi.OpenApiSecurityScheme.md#flows)
- [in](openapi.OpenApiSecurityScheme.md#in)
- [name](openapi.OpenApiSecurityScheme.md#name)
- [openIdConnectUrl](openapi.OpenApiSecurityScheme.md#openidconnecturl)
- [scheme](openapi.OpenApiSecurityScheme.md#scheme)
- [type](openapi.OpenApiSecurityScheme.md#type)

## Properties

### bearerFormat

• `Optional` **bearerFormat**: `string`

A hint to the client to identify how the bearer token is formatted. Bearer tokens are usually generated by an
authorization server, so this information is primarily for documentation purposes.

___

### description

• `Optional` **description**: `string`

A short description for security scheme.

___

### flows

• `Optional` **flows**: [`OpenApiOAuthFlows`](openapi.OpenApiOAuthFlows.md)

An object containing configuration information for the flow types supported.

___

### in

• `Optional` **in**: ``"query"`` \| ``"header"`` \| ``"cookie"``

The location of the API key. Valid values are "query", "header" or "cookie".

___

### name

• `Optional` **name**: `string`

The name of the header, query or cookie parameter to be used.

___

### openIdConnectUrl

• `Optional` **openIdConnectUrl**: `string`

OpenId Connect URL to discover OAuth2 configuration values. This MUST be in the form of a URL.

___

### scheme

• `Optional` **scheme**: `string`

The name of the HTTP Authorization scheme to be used in the Authorization header as defined in RFC7235.

___

### type

• **type**: ``"apiKey"`` \| ``"http"`` \| ``"mutualTLS"`` \| ``"oauth2"`` \| ``"openIdConnect"``

The type of the security scheme. Valid values are "apiKey", "http", "oauth2", "openIdConnect".
